---
title: languages
createTime: 2025/02/24 15:13:52
permalink: /ru/notes/doc/owner/config-ref/languages/
---

## Introduction

This folder contains translation files for various languages.
You can directly modify the content of the corresponding language file to customize messages.

## Updating Language Files

If you find that some messages in the plugin are not translated or the translation is inaccurate, it means the language
file may need to be updated.
To update the language file, simply delete the old language file, then reload the plugin configuration (
`/dom reload config`) or restart the server.
The latest corresponding language file will be automatically regenerated.

## Help Translate❤

If you find that the language file you need is not in the directory, or the latest language file still has issues, you
can help with the translation in the following ways:

::: steps

1. **Fork the repository**

First, you need to fork this repository to your GitHub account. Go to
the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/ColdeZhang/Dominion) and click the Fork button in the upper right corner.

2. **Clone the repository**

Then clone the repository you forked to your local machine:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/<your-github-username>/Dominion.git
```

3. **Create Language File (if adding a new language)**

If you need to add a new language, copy the `en_us.yml` file in the `languages` folder and rename it to the
corresponding language code (e.g., `zh_cn.yml`).

4. **Edit Language File**

Edit the corresponding language file and translate its content into the respective language.

If you are adding a new language, you also need to add the corresponding language code in
`core/src/main/java/cn/lunadeer/dominion/configuration/Language.java` so that your language file can be automatically
created in the user's `languages` folder:

```java{5}
    @HandleManually
    public enum LanguageCode {
        en_us,
        zh_cn,
        // Add your language code here
    }
```

5. **Submit PR**

Submit a Pull Request to [this repository](https://github.com/ColdeZhang/Dominion) and wait for it to be merged.

:::